Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
вҖӘ-[glass shatters]
вҖӘ-[Joyce] You were lying.
вҖӘ-You were just pretending. Huh?
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] First you insult me.
вҖӘ-now you want to hurt me?
вҖӘ-[screams]
вҖӘJoyce! You're gonna hurt me!
вҖӘPlease tell me. how many days was it?
вҖӘWas it two days. three days?
вҖӘOr you couldn't even wait
вҖӘto slither under her skirt
вҖӘ-after we renewed our vows?
вҖӘ-[objects clatter]
вҖӘAnd what about firing her?
вҖӘYou were pretending.
вҖӘjust like you always pretended
вҖӘwith all the promises you've made to me.
вҖӘJo. I need you to tell me
вҖӘbecause I need to have some order
вҖӘ-in my head. [inhales sharply]
вҖӘ-[whispers] Joyce.
вҖӘBecause if I don't get it. I swear!
вҖӘ-[pants]
вҖӘ-[whispers] Okay.
вҖӘItвҖҰ It was that day.
вҖӘwhen I lost it with Menzi.
вҖӘ-You hear me? Stand up!
вҖӘ-Jo. let go of him!
вҖӘ[stammers] I left the house
вҖӘandвҖҰ and went to the office.
вҖӘI-I was just going to get some fresh air.
вҖӘYour affair with the minister ends today.
вҖӘ-Understood?
вҖӘ-Don't insult me.
вҖӘWho do you think you're slapping?
вҖӘ-You are mine. Do you hear me?
вҖӘ-[breathing heavily]
вҖӘ[stammering] I didn't know she'd be there.
вҖӘShe just walked into my office.
вҖӘ-I was vulnerable.
вҖӘ-[both breathing heavily]
вҖӘShe took advantage of that.
вҖӘ[both breathing heavily]
вҖӘ[Jonasi moans]
вҖӘ-[grunting]
вҖӘ-[Matipa inhales sharply]
вҖӘAndвҖҰ
вҖӘafter that night. uh. mmm.
вҖӘI stopped talking to her.
вҖӘI blocked her number
вҖӘand-and told her that I chose you.
вҖӘ-[Joyce] UhвҖҰ
вҖӘ-Baby.
вҖӘHow do you choose meвҖҰ
вҖӘthen go and impregnate another woman?
вҖӘ-I begged her. I begged herвҖҰ
вҖӘ-Uh-uh.
вҖӘ-[stammers] вҖҰto terminate it.
вҖӘI begged her.
вҖӘI feel like dancing.
вҖӘ-[whispers] I wanted to tell you.
вҖӘ-[grunts]
вҖӘ[sobbing] When did you want to tell me?
вҖӘWhile you were away?
вҖӘ-Or after your business trip?
вҖӘ-No.
вҖӘWhere were you going again?
вҖӘNew York?
вҖӘ-Or Washington?
вҖӘ-I'm an idiot. Joyce.
вҖӘI'm an idiot. I'm an idiot.
вҖӘI grew up with nothing.
вҖӘI had no mother.
вҖӘand my father was always drunk.
вҖӘLike Magesh.
вҖӘall he ever wanted from me was my money.
вҖӘHe didn't care about me.
вҖӘHe was pretending.
вҖӘYou also wanted to use me.
вҖӘNo. my love.
вҖӘNo.
вҖӘI made a mistake. [inhales sharply]
вҖӘ-I'm sorry. Please forgive me. my love.
вҖӘ-[Joyce] Mm-mmm. Mm-mmm.
вҖӘ-Please forgive me. Joyce.
вҖӘ-No. [cries]
вҖӘ-I'm sorry. my love. I'm sorry.
вҖӘ-[sniffles. cries]
вҖӘ[friend] Welcome. Mommy.
вҖӘIt would've been better
вҖӘif the father of these kids
вҖӘwas actually here.
вҖӘGeez. friend. What do you mean?
вҖӘDidn'tвҖҰ Wait a minute.
вҖӘDidn't you and Jonasi agree
вҖӘthat since you have kids together.
вҖӘyou're going to be a happy family?
вҖӘUh. but. friend. I mean.
вҖӘyou can't take care of these kids alone.
вҖӘOh. Zodwa. Give me a break.
вҖӘI'm still in pain from giving birth.
вҖӘI've got cramps all over my body.
вҖӘAnd this talk is going to make
вҖӘmy stitches burst.
вҖӘ[sighs] Sorry.
вҖӘIt's justвҖҰ I thought that
вҖӘsince you've given him twins.
вҖӘhe'll be your man alone.
вҖӘHe is my man.
вҖӘThe reason he's not here is because that
вҖӘwitch decided to faint at the hospital.
вҖӘDon't hurt yourself.
вҖӘUh. I have to go.
вҖӘYou have to go? Why?
вҖӘ[stammers] Didn't you take the day off?
вҖӘWe're not all lucky
вҖӘto give birth for Mr. Gomora.
вҖӘSome of us have to work.
вҖӘ[sighs] No. it's fine. It's fine.
вҖӘYou can go. I'll be all right.
вҖӘ-Are you sure?
вҖӘ-Yeah.
вҖӘ-[sighs]
вҖӘ-[door opens]
вҖӘ[slams]
вҖӘ-[babies crying]
вҖӘ-Wow! Wow.
вҖӘSorry. sorry. sorry. sorry. baby.
вҖӘOh. it's okay.
вҖӘ-[crying continues]
вҖӘ-Okay. [shushes]
вҖӘ[upbeat music playing]
вҖӘ[music stops]
вҖӘ[tires screeching]
вҖӘ[sighs]
вҖӘWhy are you just sitting there. Menzi?
вҖӘThis is the part
вҖӘwhere you get out of my car. bro.
вҖӘI don't know if you heard the commotion
вҖӘbetween Mom and Dad last night.
вҖӘThey were arguing non-stop.
вҖӘ[sighs] Tonight.
вҖӘwe have an interview with Mapaseka.
вҖӘand apparently. we're supposed
вҖӘto play this big happy family.
вҖӘAh. you know how your mom is.
вҖӘShe doesn't mind smiling
вҖӘand pretending like everything is fine.
вҖӘYeah.
вҖӘShe's obsessed with this Ivory Oasis.
вҖӘIt's the only reason
вҖӘshe's still with Jonasi.
вҖӘMenzi. if Mom actually lost
вҖӘthis deal of hers. being an influencer.
вҖӘdo you think she'll still be with Dad?
вҖӘWhy?
вҖӘWhat makes you think
вҖӘthat Mom could lose her job?
вҖӘI don't know if I'm messing it up.
вҖӘbut if I tell Mapaseka the truth
вҖӘtonight in the interview. thatвҖҰ
вҖӘ-[sighs]
вҖӘ-вҖҰtheir marriage is falling apart.
вҖӘ-Mm-mmm.
вҖӘ-It's toxic.
вҖӘAnd that Jonasi never misses out
вҖӘon a chance to let us down.
вҖӘNo. don't you dare do
вҖӘwhat you are thinking right now.
вҖӘDon't do it. Mom will never forgive you.
вҖӘWhat do you know. Menzi?
вҖӘ-And besides. I'm be setting her free.
вҖӘ-[engine starts]
вҖӘI have to try and do something.
вҖӘ[Joyce] Jo. Wait.
вҖӘ-Jonasi. just hold on.
вҖӘ-What?
вҖӘ-What's wrong with you?
вҖӘ-What? I want toвҖҰ
вҖӘWhere are you going?
вҖӘYou will not go to see her
вҖӘand just leave me here. Do you hear me?
вҖӘ-Joyce. I'm going to see my children.
вҖӘ-That's if they're yours.
вҖӘ-Are you sure these are really your kids?
вҖӘ-Stop it.
вҖӘNo. no! If they're really your kids.
вҖӘthen take them and bring them here
вҖӘso they can live with us.
вҖӘ-Live with us?
вҖӘ-Yes!
вҖӘMatipa won't allow that.
вҖӘ-Don't you dare do that.
вҖӘ-Do what?
вҖӘDon't ever mention
вҖӘthat witch's name to me.
вҖӘI don't have time for this. Joyce.
вҖӘ-Jonasi. no. No!
вҖӘ-Don't do this.
вҖӘDo what? What am I doing wrong?
вҖӘ-By protecting my family and my marriage?
вҖӘ-Oh?
вҖӘWhen you were in the hospital
вҖӘgetting your tubes tied.
вҖӘ-were you protecting your marriage?
вҖӘ-Don't make this about me.
вҖӘNo. please. Answer me.
вҖӘDon't turn this around
вҖӘand make it about me.
вҖӘNo.
вҖӘ-No. No. Jo. no! Jonasi.
вҖӘ-Stop. stop. Joyce!
вҖӘ-Jo!
вҖӘ-[straining] Joyce.
вҖӘ-Jonasi!
вҖӘ-What are you doing?
вҖӘ-Joyce!
вҖӘ-Uh-uh.
вҖӘ-Stop it. Joyce. Let go of me.
вҖӘ-You're not going. No!
вҖӘ-Joyce. just let go of me.
вҖӘ-No. no. no. Don't do this.
вҖӘ-What are you doing?
вҖӘ-No! Don't leave me. Don't leave.
вҖӘ[Joyce sobbing] Please. Please.
вҖӘPlease.
вҖӘOkay. okay.
вҖӘFine. Then let's get inside the house
вҖӘand talk about this.
вҖӘ-Okay. baby.
вҖӘ-[crying]
вҖӘ-Please.
вҖӘ-Get up. Get up. my love.
вҖӘ-I won't leave.
вҖӘ-Okay.
вҖӘLet's talk things through becauseвҖҰ
вҖӘCome on. Come. stand up. Get up.
вҖӘPeople are staring at us.
вҖӘWe're in the suburbs.
вҖӘWe can't do this. No. baby.
вҖӘThat's not how it's done.
вҖӘ-You can't do that.
вҖӘ-I don't care.
вҖӘLet's go inside.
вҖӘ-[yelps] Jonasi! Jo!
вҖӘ-[Jonasi panting]
вҖӘJo! Jo.
вҖӘ-Stop it. Uh-uh.
вҖӘ-No. Joyce. Let me go.
вҖӘ-No. no. no. Uh-uh. Jo.
вҖӘ-Joyce. Joyce. let go.
вҖӘ-Don't leave!
вҖӘ-[engine starts]
вҖӘ-Jo! Jo! Jo!
вҖӘ-[engine revs]
вҖӘJo!
вҖӘ-[panting]
вҖӘ-[tires squealing]
вҖӘ[whimpering]
вҖӘ[shushes]
вҖӘ-[fusses]
вҖӘ-Aw.
вҖӘ[knocks on door]
вҖӘ-Come in.
вҖӘ-[door opens]
вҖӘ-[shushing]
вҖӘ-[cooing]
вҖӘ-[door closes]
вҖӘ-[fusses]
вҖӘ-Thank you. Mom.
вҖӘFor coming.
вҖӘWhy does it seem like you're alone here?
вҖӘAs a new mother to twins?
вҖӘ-Where's their father?
вҖӘ-He's not here.
вҖӘ[scoffs] Let me guess.
вҖӘ-He's with his family? His real family?
вҖӘ-Mmm. mmm. mmm.
вҖӘMomвҖҰ Mom. please. Not now. Please.
вҖӘYour problem is that you don't listen.
вҖӘ-You're very stubborn. Huh?
вҖӘ-[baby hiccups]
вҖӘAw. my baby. Sounds like you have hiccups.
вҖӘGive me my grandchild.
вҖӘBring her to me. Give me my grandchild.
вҖӘ-Bring her. Come to Granny.
вҖӘ-[baby 2 cries]
вҖӘ-Hello. baby. Hello. baby.
вҖӘ-Oh. Mommy 's coming. Mommy's coming.
вҖӘ[grandmother] Hello. you little one.
вҖӘHello. granny's child.
вҖӘ[Matipa] Mommy's coming. Oh. I'm sorry.
вҖӘ[grandmother] Here we go.
вҖӘWe're going to stop these hiccups.
вҖӘThere we go. Uh-huh.
вҖӘ-Goodness.
вҖӘ-[babies cooing]
вҖӘHello. little one.
вҖӘThey'll be gone.
вҖӘThe hiccups will be gone. baby.
вҖӘ-Hello. baby.
вҖӘ-[Matipa] Mmm.
вҖӘHello. baby.
вҖӘ-[typing]
вҖӘ-[phone chimes]
вҖӘ-[knocks on door]
вҖӘ-Jonasi Gomora.
вҖӘ-Gosh!
вҖӘ-[chuckles] The top dog himself.
вҖӘ-[sighs]
вҖӘOh. man. You're back so soon
вҖӘfrom Washington.
вҖӘ-[both chuckle]
вҖӘ-Oh. stop it. Stop it.
вҖӘSo you were lying?
вҖӘ[sighs] Ugh.
вҖӘMatipa gave birth.
вҖӘ-But thenвҖҰ
вҖӘ-Hmm.
вҖӘвҖҰthen Joyce decided to show up
вҖӘat the hospital.
вҖӘ[clicks tongue. sighs]
вҖӘThen again. she was bound to find out.
вҖӘYou know what I think. Brother?
вҖӘYou overestimate that woman's loyalty.
вҖӘI swear to you. one day you'll wake up
вҖӘand she'll be gone.
вҖӘ[Jonasi] Oh. never.
вҖӘI love Joyce.
вҖӘVery much.
вҖӘYeah. sure. Yeah. yeah. I've hurt her.
вҖӘI've humiliated her.
вҖӘBut Joyce loves me.
вҖӘ-You see. Joyce and IвҖҰ
вҖӘ-[Magesh] Mmm?
вҖӘ-вҖҰ'til death do us part.
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘ-Yeah.
вҖӘ-[Magesh] Only by death.
вҖӘ[both laugh]
вҖӘ[Magesh] вҖӘOh. we'll see.
вҖӘ[eerie music playing]
вҖӘ[sobbing]
вҖӘ[Jonasi. echoing] вҖӘIt's you and me.
вҖӘFor good this time.
вҖӘ[Joyce crying. breathing heavily]
вҖӘ[Jonasi] вҖӘI'm not going anywhere.
вҖӘI love you.
вҖӘ[doctor] вҖӘAs we speak.
вҖӘthere's another Gomora lady
вҖӘdown the passage. giving birth.
вҖӘ[eerie music continues]
вҖӘ[music intensifies]
вҖӘ[person] вҖӘHow did you get my number?
вҖӘ[Joyce] вҖӘSithole.
вҖӘHe was my dad's old contact.
вҖӘDo you know how to use it?
вҖӘ-[dramatic music playing]
вҖӘ-[gun clicks]
вҖӘ[bullet thuds]
вҖӘ[gunman] Will you remember
вҖӘwhat I have shown you?
вҖӘ[tense music playing]
вҖӘ[music intensifies]
вҖӘ-Ha!
вҖӘ-Lower your voice. please.
вҖӘ-What's wrong?
вҖӘ-You'll wake the kids.
вҖӘOh.
вҖӘListen.
вҖӘWhen did your mother arrive?
вҖӘ-When did she arrive?
вҖӘ-Mmm. [sucks teeth]
вҖӘ-You're hurting me. You're hurting me.
вҖӘ-Hmm?
вҖӘOh? [inhales] Okay. I'm sorry.
вҖӘI'm sorry.
вҖӘMmm. I'm sorry.
вҖӘ-Stop what you're doing. Please.
вҖӘ-[sucks teeth]
вҖӘBut. baby. I want you.
вҖӘI want to know what Joyce said.
вҖӘLet's go and chat.
вҖӘLet's go that side. Let's go--
вҖӘ-I have to waitвҖҰ
вҖӘ-[grunts]
вҖӘвҖҰat least six weeks
вҖӘbefore I can do anything.
вҖӘSix weeks?
вҖӘI won't be able to wait that long.
вҖӘFeel this. Feel this.
вҖӘI can't wait that long.
вҖӘ[sucks teeth] Hmm?
вҖӘFeel this. [sighs]
вҖӘI'm not gonna let my stitches tear
вҖӘbecause you can't wait.
вҖӘIn case you've forgotten. JonasiвҖҰ
вҖӘ-[sighs]
вҖӘ-вҖҰI had a C-section.
вҖӘOkay then.
вҖӘBut there are other ways. Hmm?
вҖӘYour mouth works. right?
вҖӘLet that mouth work. Hmm?
вҖӘ[whispers] Put that mouth to work. baby.
вҖӘ[inhales] Get to work. baby.
вҖӘ-Get to work.
вҖӘ-Uh. Jonasi.
вҖӘGet to work. baby. [sucks teeth]
вҖӘBe quick. Get to it. Get to it. Get to it.
вҖӘGet to work.
вҖӘ-[inhales sharply]
вҖӘ-[belt unbuckles]
вҖӘ-[Matipa sucking]
вҖӘ-[Jonasi sucks teeth]
вҖӘ[inhales sharply]
вҖӘ[moans]
вҖӘUh-uh. Slow. slow. slow.
вҖӘ[Afrobeats playing]
вҖӘFor real. are you going to do
вҖӘwhat we spoke about earlier?
вҖӘWhat?
вҖӘExposing our parents' marriage
вҖӘto Mapaseka?
вҖӘOf course.
вҖӘIt's the only thing that will save Ma
вҖӘfrom this toxic marriage.
вҖӘWill you help me?
вҖӘI'm not crazy.
вҖӘYou're a coward.
вҖӘ-Hello. everyone.
вҖӘ-Hi.
вҖӘ-Has Mapaseka arrived. or what's going on?
вҖӘ-Uh-uh.
вҖӘ[Lindani] So why are you nervous?
вҖӘCan you see? She's nervous.
вҖӘ-Relax and calm down.
вҖӘ-[Lindani] Yes.
вҖӘListen to Sarah. Calm down and relax.
вҖӘLook at yourself. You look like BeyoncГ©.
вҖӘ-[clicks tongue] Stop it. you two.
вҖӘ-[laughs]
вҖӘ[Mpume] Okay.
вҖӘlet me change into my outfit.
вҖӘI'll help you because we can't have
вҖӘthis BeyoncГ©'s make-up all messed up.
вҖӘ[grunts] Oh. stop it.
вҖӘMenzi. excuse me. please.
вҖӘI want to change.
вҖӘCan I have a word with you?
вҖӘUh. LindaniвҖҰ
вҖӘI wanted toвҖҰ
вҖӘI wanted to apologize
вҖӘfor what I did to you.
вҖӘIs that how you do things. Menzi?
вҖӘHmm?
вҖӘYou go around kissing every girl?
вҖӘNo. No.
вҖӘThe thing is. youвҖҰ
вҖӘyou're not just any girl to me.
вҖӘI tried sending you messages.
вҖӘI saw them.
вҖӘLindani. I like you.
вҖӘI like you too. Menzi.
вҖӘBut you're my friend's brother.
вҖӘ[stammers] That doesn't mean anything.
вҖӘI'm dating X. You know that too.
вҖӘPlease give me a chance toвҖҰ
вҖӘto show you how much
вҖӘI really care about you.
вҖӘI want to show you how much I love you.
вҖӘYou love me?
вҖӘ[laughing]
вҖӘCome on. Menzi.
вҖӘLet me go help Mpume get ready. [laughs]
вҖӘ[mouthing words] Fuck. Fuck.
вҖӘMom.
вҖӘ-Hey. You're so beautiful.
вҖӘ-[coos]
вҖӘ-Yes.
вҖӘ-[fussing]
вҖӘ-[Matipa] Oh. Okay. Hello.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Yes. Hello.
вҖӘMy Hayley-Hayley. Aw. She's smiling at me.
вҖӘ[tense music playing]
вҖӘ[dialing]
вҖӘ[line ringing]
вҖӘ-[phone buzzing]
вҖӘ-Huh? Come on.
вҖӘ[fusses]
вҖӘ[Jonasi] I have to take this.
вҖӘHello?
вҖӘJoyce.
вҖӘ[Joyce] вҖӘI've had enough time
вҖӘto really think things through.
вҖӘCome home. Jo.
вҖӘSo we can figure a way out.
вҖӘ[Jonasi] вҖӘOh. Okay.
вҖӘI'm glad you're much calmer now.
вҖӘOkay. I'll make my way home soon then.
вҖӘ[baby coos]
вҖӘ[phone beeps]
вҖӘ[Matipa] Jonasi.
вҖӘHmm?
вҖӘ-[baby fusses]
вҖӘ-Is this how it's always going to be?
вҖӘEvery time Joyce calls.
вҖӘyou're gonna drop everything?
вҖӘThe babies and I.
вҖӘand then just run to her?
вҖӘJoyce is willing to meet us halfway.
вҖӘI think we should hear
вҖӘwhat she has to say.
вҖӘOf course that's what she'll say.
вҖӘShe's only saying that
вҖӘto lure you back. and it's working.
вҖӘYou didn't hear how she sounded
вҖӘover the phone. You didn't hear her.
вҖӘ-I heard her.
вҖӘ-I don't care about Joyce.
вҖӘI need you right now. I need you.
вҖӘWhat would you like me to do?
вҖӘIgnore her?
вҖӘPlus. you're not alone.
вҖӘYour mother is here.
вҖӘYou know what? Maybe everybody's right.
вҖӘAbout what?
вҖӘThat you're always going to
вҖӘmake this about Joyce and her feelings.
вҖӘI need you to have empathy.
вҖӘespecially considering the manner
вҖӘin which Joyce found out about the twins.
вҖӘAlso. she's fragile right now.
вҖӘShe needs me.
вҖӘ-[tense music playing]
вҖӘ-[baby fusses]
вҖӘ-Are you coming back?
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] See what I mean? You know what?
вҖӘ[door opens]
вҖӘ-[exhales sharply]
вҖӘ-[door closes]
вҖӘThat look says you have something to say.
вҖӘMa. Please. not now.
вҖӘ-[Joyce] Ma?
вҖӘ-Mm-hmm?
вҖӘJust a minute.
вҖӘListen. I'm gonna needвҖҰ
вҖӘa small favor from you.
вҖӘJonasi is on his way home.
вҖӘAnd I think it's time for us to have
вҖӘa conversation in private.
вҖӘCan you please take the kids out?
вҖӘMapaseka is downstairs.
вҖӘready to do the interview.
вҖӘ-What's wrong?
вҖӘ-I'm canceling it.
вҖӘ[suspenseful music playing]
вҖӘAre you all right?
вҖӘI'll be all right once I've spoken to
вҖӘmy dear husband.
вҖӘ[exclaims]
вҖӘ[interviewers chattering]
вҖӘ[suspenseful music continues]
вҖӘ[bolt locks]
вҖӘ[exhales]
вҖӘJoyce.
вҖӘ[hammer cocks]
вҖӘ[music intensifies]
вҖӘ[Jonasi] Are you there?
вҖӘJoyce?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm